docs: render and key views (#40)
cpvalente/ontime-docs: src/content/docs/quick-tips/render-elsewhere.mdx

---
title: Render views in third party apps
description: Render Ontime views in third party apps
---

> It is possible to render the any view of Ontime in a third party software that is currently networked with Ontime. \
> This flow would be in any software which can render a HTML page, such as OBS (Open Broadcaster Software), disguise or Touchdesigner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to render Ontime output views on any computer that can access Ontime over the network. \
Aside from a web browser, you can do this using any third-party software that can render an HTML page, such as OBS (Open Broadcaster Software), disguise or Touchdesigner.
```

> :::note[Keying views]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note[Background colors, keying, and transparency]
```

> In some views, you will have a key parameter which allows you to configure the background colour.\
> See [view configuration](/quick-tips/configuring-views).
> 
> In all other cases you can make use of the [CSS variables](/features/custom-styling) which provide overrides for the background colour:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Several Ontime views (e.g., the Minimal Timer and Lower Third views) offer a customizable background colour—including transparency—via the `key` parameter.\
See [view configuration](/quick-tips/configuring-views).

For views that do not explicitly offer a customizable `key` color, you can customize the background (or other) colors by overriding [CSS variables](/features/custom-styling) using code such as:
```

```css
:root {
    --background-color-override: #00FF00;
}
```
:::

## Rendering lower thirds in OBS
![Lower thirds in OBS](../../../assets/screenshots/features/obs-lower-thirds.png)

> * The options **Shutdown source when not visible** and **Refresh browser when scene becomes active** ensure that the lower third animation play on load / unload

Reviewer: Does any animation actually play on unload? I'd have guessed that shutting down the source just queues up the animation on next load, so
> The options **Shutdown source when not visible** and **Refresh browser when scene becomes active** ensure that the lower third animation plays each time the overlay is reloaded

Author: I will need to double-check this. I am not usually an OBS user and this documentation is old.
But yes, the animation should unload and OBS will shutdown the source when the frame is clear

> * Remember to clear the CSS to ensure a keyable background (see above)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Remember to set a keyable / transparent background color using the `key` parameter or custom CSS (see above)
```
